Daily Sales are random, Cant be predictable, because of factors that affect the Sales
Weekly Sales still based on daily sales problem, one factor can be of used which is what products we posted/send on our whatsApp community group, cause we post everyday because of our online customers that we chat/communicate through whatsApp, including who new products.
Monthly Sales still on predictable, but maybe affected by weekly and daily to somehow detect pattern.
Seasonal Demands are EID, both EIDs small and mubarak, then wedding seasons mostly closer to end of the year, Maulud Season, Then the most critical part which is Pro-Ramadan Season, In-Ramadan Season buying for EID.
Best Selling fabrics, you can know based on its movement and sales or record in computer.
Dead Stocks, how to deal with that, cause have alot of them, how to get rid of them.
profit per products, we have price ranges like 3k - 10k, 10k - 20k, 20k - 35k, 35k - 40k/45k, 45k to above, so mostly anthing within this range of 45k downward have less than 8% to 10% profit margin.
Customers state, well that one i can dig deep on that to see and analyse based on my customer directory am creating.
Right now, we are in dry season of this May to maybe OCT or SEPT,

Iventory Analytics
Overstocking, product when bought they are sold for like the first week, until they stop then they somehow become dead stock,
Understocking, in this market is like better you rather bought something and sell it before is become dead.
we dont have problem with the rest of problems

Customer Analytics
i have customers phone numbers, since we talk in whatsApp
i can know their states based on delivery
purchase history, what they bought i can manage and track that
Explain what you mean whatsApp Engagement
Year I can Classify my customers
Retail buyers - Most customers
Boutique owners - Most customers second to retail buyers,
bulk sellers
vip customers
wedding planners - RARE 

Based on type of my customers What kind of business am i running then.
Cause we have market of competative prices, etc.

Financial Analytics
That i will get back to you on that.

Supplier & Import Analytics
We dont have much problem with our suppliers, cause they belong to the companies, mostly products are release on time. etc.
import delay sometimes happens, but it dont affect the market often, but when shipment arrive quickly and you the only one with the product at the time, which is perfect timing, then products get sells fast, very fast.

Market Trend Analytics
Well i never track that, can help me, on how to do that or track that.
Fashion Trends
Wedding Seasons Trend
Competitor pricing
Regional preference - I dont know what that means

Price Analytics
You see in kanti kwari market we have those retails or smart resellers,
whose job is to come to your shop buy something in discounted price and selling it in normal market price.
Side Question - Is it possible that to make kanti kwari market like Financial Hub or trading like how global trading works, buy and sells things like stock. something like.
Which products attract customers into the shop, i have to think about that.

Geographic Analytics
Working, on that but you going to help do that.
Lets start with how to start, where to start.

Predictive Analytics
This is highly unstable and unpredictable because of the way market moves, evolves and trend, many factors affecting the market

list the entire factors that can affect the market, trend, sales etc.
the reseonable ones.


One problem we faced, is about many different varieties, aleast more than 100 to 150 varieties of products, even though some have same cost price and selling price
what can you do about that. how to focus on specific set of products.

























